added a note to specify OData is only available on GET requests (#4871)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/query-parameters.md

Microsoft Graph supports optional query parameters that you can use to specify and control the amount of data returned in a response. The support for the exact query parameters varies from one API operation to another, and depending on the API, can differ between the v1.0 and beta endpoints. 

> >**Note:** OData queries are only supported on GET HTTP requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** OData query parameters are only supported on GET HTTP requests.
```
